feat: JS batched function (#104)
arrow-udf/arrow-udf: arrow-udf-js/README.md

        }
        "#,
        false,

>         false,

Reviewer: need update

| JSON           | String, Binary, LargeBinary | `arrowudf.json`        | any (parsed by `JSON.parse(string)`) |
| Decimal        | String                      | `arrowudf.decimal`     | BigDecimal    |

## Async Functions and Fetch API

An async function is a JavaScript function that returns a promise. If the function involves IO operations, it's usually more efficient to use async functions.

We provide a [Fetch API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) to allow making HTTP requests from JavaScript UDFs in async way. To use it, you need to enable it in the `Runtime`:

```rust,ignore
runtime.enable_fetch();
```

> To enable async functions, you need to set the `is_async` flag to `true` when adding the function. Then you can use the async `fetch()` function in your JavaScript code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable async functions, you need to set `async_mode()` when adding the function. Then you can use the async `fetch()` function in your JavaScript code.
```

```rust,ignore
runtime.enable_fetch();
```

To enable async functions, you need to set the `is_async` flag to `true` when adding the function. Then you can use the async `fetch()` function in your JavaScript code.

```rust,ignore
runtime
    .add_function(
        "echo",
        DataType::Utf8View,
        r#"
export async function my_fetch_udf(id) {
    const response = await fetch("https://api.example.com/" + id);
    const data = await response.json();
    return data.value;
}
"#,
        FunctionOptions::default().return_null_on_null_input().async_mode(),
    )
    .await
    .unwrap();
```

See the [README](src/fetch/README.md) of the `fetch` module for more details.

## Batched Function

When a function is batched, it will be called once for all rows in the input `RecordBatch`. The input arguments will be an array of values.

```rust,ignore
runtime
    .add_function(
        "echo",
        DataType::Utf8View,
        CallMode::ReturnNullOnNullInput,
        r#"
export function echo(vals) {
    return vals.map(v => v + "!")
}
"#,
        false,

>         true, // set is_batched to true

Reviewer: need update

| Decimal        | String                      | `arrowudf.decimal`     | BigDecimal    |

## Async Functions and Fetch API

An async function is a JavaScript function that returns a promise. If the function involves IO operations, it's usually more efficient to use async functions.

We provide a [Fetch API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) to allow making HTTP requests from JavaScript UDFs in async way. To use it, you need to enable it in the `Runtime`:

```rust,ignore
runtime.enable_fetch();
```

To enable async functions, you need to set the `is_async` flag to `true` when adding the function. Then you can use the async `fetch()` function in your JavaScript code.

```rust,ignore
runtime
    .add_function(
        "echo",
        DataType::Utf8View,
        CallMode::ReturnNullOnNullInput,
        r#"
export async function my_fetch_udf(id) {
    const response = await fetch("https://api.example.com/" + id);
    const data = await response.json();
    return data.value;
}
"#,
        true, // set is_async to true
        false,
    )
    .await

>     .unwrap();

Author: Sounds good. Let me send another PR for it.

>     .unwrap();

Author: https://github.com/arrow-udf/arrow-udf/pull/105
